The first half of 2022 is around the corner, there are so many memorable moments.

I joined CMB in January and trained with the BAU in the short term, getting familiar with some tools such as Sitecore and SharePoint.

In my second week of joining CMB, I become the host of team meetings. Although I was very nervous, I Appreciate everyone gave me enough patience and encouragement to finish it smoothly.

I maintained my work rate within the required percentage, delivered the tickets accurately and efficiently, and followed the First come first serve rule.

I respond to the questions or requests of clients shortly if they reach me via Jabber, Email, or ticket, and make sure it will publish in the required time. If the issues I can't handle I will contact a relevant team as soon as possible, and continue to follow ensure that the problem is solved.

After I release from being shadowed and do the BAU task independently, there are some series of campaigns in the GBA region(mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau), therefore I have the opportunity to reach out to those tasks and clients and also earned recognition for my high efficiency and high quality from them.

Since Q2, CMB has suddenly become busy. The average daily BAU new task volume is more than 30, which is a brand new challenge for me. With the increase of the tickets, I also take this opportunity to plan and organize the ticket and keep my task accuracy and punctuality within the required range.

In March, I started to contribute to the project of the CMB page developer tool with Wally, Vivi, and Kat. In addition, to support the project, I took this opportunity to learn some skill modes other than BAU.

I am also excited about launching this tool in the future. not only because this is my first attempted project but it can make the business easily raise a new page request

The first half of the year was a period full of challenges for me. Because I was new to Sitecore, I still had a lot of unfamiliarities. Fortunately, the team members were very patient in answering my questions and shared many practical skills with me. I also find ways to increase work efficiency and share it with colleagues to succeed together like our values.

It's been quite a journey this year, and I hope that I will have better progress in the second half of the year, and be able to learn more tools and modes to increase work efficiency. I hope that I have a better understanding of BAU and become a living Wikipedia of CMB
