Since I join HSBC approximately a year, I start getting familiar with the new environment, new colleagues, new jobs, and of course, the new whole new working pattern - the hybrid working.

Although I am working from home mostly, it doesn’t impact my work at all,
I maintained my PA, Work Rate, and OOE data as required percentage, delivered my handed tickets accurately and efficiently, and follow the other policy as required.

My sub-team, CMB has over overload with a lot of volumes of tickets this year, I am grateful that I have such a great opportunity to get familiar with BAUs even fast than I expect, and plus I encountered CMB transfer web page from Legacy to Refresh.
I guess I will be the last team member that knows how to use the Legacy and Refresh.

In addition to picking tickets from WRT directly, I took the tasks from China, Macau, and Hong Kong mostly, not only because I can read the ticket request easily since I am a Chinese native speaker, but also because I reach the businesses barely every day, therefore they discuss the request with me before raise, and I can give them instructions as well. They give me a positive feed back whether via message or mail makes me a sense of accomplishment. 

Beside the BAUs, I also have the honor to participate in the CMB Refresh insight developer project, although I am assistance Vivi, Kat, and Wally mostly, I also get the experience of collaborating on a project with others, which will help me get more smooth if I can join another project in the future.

I also became the IT SPOC of GPS this May, cause I have IT-related experience and background hence I use this advantage to help colleagues change or upgrade their laptops, and helping the monitor replacement in October.

I’ve enrolled PLP courses for my future skills improvement, I really learn a lot from the PLP courses since it has strong supportive for my working.
I am also trained in smart form design and Tealium as my cross skill, it’s quite a plenitude to learn something new this year.

All in all, I enjoy every moment in HSBC, I want to learn more and get more skilled about the BAU in the next stage, and also combine by knowledge to provide efficient, high-quality output to our stakeholders. 
In CMB, we are now short hand for Tealium now and I hope I can get the Tealium certified as soon as possible in order to share the responsibility for the Tealium tasks.
